# Garage-management-system-project-in-php-and-MySQL
The  Garage management system project in php and MySQL allows the user to keep track of all garage activities. Mechanic, Manager, Supervisor, Security, and Customer are some of the users of the web-based application. Users should be granted access to specific modules by administrators. The users shall login and manage with the activities of the garage management system.The supervisor shall be able to check for the inventory of vehicle spares in the garage. By checking which vehicles are currently being serviced and which ones need to be notified, he can determine which ones need to be informed. The user will also have access to a mechanic shop time-sheet that can be used by him. Through the garage management system project, it will also be possible to pay for the repair or service that needs to be performed. Additionally, the garage management system project in php can check if the garage sells vehicle spares. In order to develop the interface, HTML and PHP are used. There is a user-friendly web interface. Until now, the Garage Management System PHP could not record vehicle service details. In most cases, spare parts are inventoried manually. None of the vehicles serviced in the garage had a maintenance history. It is challenging to track the service dates manually.With the development of the world, most parts of the world are becoming more dependent on vehicles. Garages may have difficulty providing efficient service to every vehicle owner in the future. The process of getting vehicle service must be replaced by queues. Using this software, users can find and communicate with nearby garage mechanics for urgent service. The design of this application saves both the user and the service provider (i.e. garage) time, effort, and money because there is no need to move the garage. The number of users increases (for garages), resulting in a high return on investment.Garage management system allows the user to keep track of all garage activities. In addition to managing stock in the garage, checking repair estimates, and ordering deliveries, this best garage management software allows users to manage their orders. The garage assistant software keeps track of vehicle service history and mechanic shop time. As well as managing vehicle parts inventories, it also manages inventories of vehicle parts. Customers will be notified twice based on the service dates of all vehicles that are serviced. Garage management system administrators have secure access. Administrators can keep track of supervisors, receptionists, and principals. A small web interface allows garage owners to keep track of all events happening in their garage.
